Chu Long, what are you doing here?
I'm here to save you!
Stop talking nonsense there
Dear, who is this?
He's a toad who stalks me
It's just amazing.
What does he do?
Why does he look like a wage earner to me?
He was originally a wage earner
Working as a security guard at my house
Hahahaha
It turned out to be a stinky security guard
It's up to you that you dare to treat Miss Ye
Or is he a toad anyway?
You listen to me
I am now Miss Ye's boyfriend
Don't you dare think anything about him again
I'll make you break into pieces
Just you?
You are doubting the strength of my Dragon Emperor
What a hero the Dragon Emperor is
He pinches you to death
It's as simple as pinching an ant to death.
It's still out there.
I advise you not to be too nervous.
He is not the Dragon Emperor at all
You're still lying there with your eyes open
Don't you know?
Is this the only Dragon Emperor mask in the world?
He's clearly jealous
Okay, since you say you are the Dragon Emperor
Then beat me
If you win me, you will be the True Dragon Emperor
Break you
Dead without a burial